DEVX-1721: Different Replicator configuration types where destination is CCloud (#644)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud/docs/includes/replicator-from-origin-onprem.rst

> The origin cluster in this case is your on-prem Kafka cluster, and |crep| needs to know how to connect to this origin cluster which can be set by using the prefix ``src.`` for these configuration parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The origin cluster in this case is your on-premises |ak| cluster, and |crep| needs to know how to connect to this origin cluster which can be set by using the prefix ``src.`` for these configuration parameters.
```

> The origin cluster can have a varied set of security features enabled, but for simplicity in this example we show no security configurations, just PLAINTEXT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The origin cluster can have a varied set of security features enabled, but for simplicity this example shows no security configurations, just PLAINTEXT.
```
